Update saml-keycloak.md (#39645)
metabase/metabase: docs/people-and-groups/saml-keycloak.md

## Working in the Keycloak console

1. Go to the Keycloak admin console and sign in as an administrator.
2. Create a user from **Manage** > **Users**. You'll need to populate the fields with an email, first name, and last name.
3. Once you've created at least one user, navigation tabs will appear at the top of the **Users** page. Go to **Credentials** to set password for your user.
    - Turn off the **Temporary** toggle.
    - Click **Set Password** to save your changes.
4. Create a new SSO client from **Manage** > **Clients** > **Create**
    - **Client ID**: Enter `metabase` in lowercase.
    - **Client type**: Select `SAML` from the dropdown.
    - Click **Next**.
    - **Valid Redirect URIs**: The URL where you are hosting your Metabase instance followed by a slash (/) and an asterisk (*). For example, if you are hosting Metabase locally at `http://localhost:3000`, the URL would be `http://localhost:3000/*`.

>     - **Home URL**: From your Metabase instance, go to **Admin settings** > **Authentication** > **SAML**. Look for the field *URL the IdP should redirect back to* and use it for the Home URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Home URL**:  In your Metabase, go to **Admin settings** > **Authentication** > **SAML**. You'll find your Home URL in the field **URL the IdP should redirect back to**.
```

    - Click **Save**.

> 5. Disable key signing for SSO client (optional). If you would like to enable key signing, please follow [this guide](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/people-and-groups/authenticating-with-saml#settings-for-signing-sso-requests-optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. (Optional) Disable key signing for SSO client.  See [settings for signing SSO requests](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/people-and-groups/authenticating-with-saml#settings-for-signing-sso-requests-optional).
```

Links should be descriptive.

    - Click **Keys** tab.
    - **Client signature required:** Off.
 
6. Map user attributes from Metabase to SSO client. 
    - Click **Client scopes** tab.

>     - Click `metabase-dedicated`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Click `metabase-dedicated`.
```
If one item in a list terminates in punctuation, they all should.

>     - Click **Add predefined mappers**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Click **Add predefined mappers**.
```

>     - [Map attributes from users in Keycloak to Metabase](#mapping-attributes-from-users-in-keycloak-to-metabase)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Map attributes from users in Keycloak to Metabase](#mapping-attributes-from-users-in-keycloak-to-metabase).
```

7. Configure the service provider (Metabase) from **Configure** > **Realm Settings**.
    - From **Endpoints**, select “SAML 2.0 Identity Provider Metadata”.
    - An XML file will open in a new tab.
    - Keep this for reference, we will use it in the next section to configure Metabase.

## Mapping fields from Keycloak to Metabase

1. Go to your Metabase **Admin settings** > **Authentication** > **SAML**.
2. From the XML file from Step 7 above:
    - **SAML Identity Provider URL**: Insert the URL that appears right after the following string: `Binding="urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-POST" Location=`
    - **SAML Identity Provider Issuer**: Insert the URL that appears right after `entityID=`.

>     - **SAML Identity Provider Certificate**: Insert the long string that appears after the `<X509Certificate>` tag. Take care when inserting this string -- the setup won't work if any letters or special characters are wrong!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **SAML Identity Provider Certificate**: Input the long string that appears after the `<X509Certificate>` tag. Take care when inserting this string: if any letters or special characters are added or off,  the setup won't work.
```

    - **SAML Attribute Name**: the name that Metabase expects to receive.
    - **SAML Attribute NameFormat**: select “Basic” from the dropdown menu.

> You can find/edit the attribute values from your Metabase **Admin settings** > **Authentication** > **SAML** > **Attributes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit the attribute values from your Metabase **Admin settings** > **Authentication** > **SAML** > **Attributes**.
```
